Fix Tailwind v1.4 dead link (#689)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/webpackConfiguration.md

### Adding Tailwind CSS

> This section is inspired by mdv.io's excellent blog post, [Adding Tailwind CSS to RedwoodJS](https://mdv.io/tailwindcss-in-redwoodjs). Note that the `webpack.config.js` file is no longer necessary since Redwood's webpack configuration now comes with postcss-loader by default (see [Supported Extensions and Loaders](#supported-extensions-and-loaders)). Neither is PurgeCSS, since, as of Tailwind CSS v1.4, it's [built-in](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/discussions/1656).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is inspired by mdv.io's excellent blog post, [Adding Tailwind CSS to RedwoodJS](https://mdv.io/tailwindcss-in-redwoodjs). Note that the `webpack.config.js` file is no longer necessary since Redwood's webpack configuration now comes with postcss-loader by default (see [Supported Extensions and Loaders](#supported-extensions-and-loaders)). Neither is PurgeCSS, since, as of Tailwind CSS v1.4, it's [built-in](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/releases/tag/v1.4.0).
```
